MDS 0.3.0 (#241)
CityOfLosAngeles/mobility-data-specification: README.md

### City of Austin
* [`transportation-dockless-dataviz`](https://github.com/cityofaustin/transportation-dockless-dataviz) - A hexbin origin/destintation web map of dockless trips using jQuery & Mapbox GL JS. See [http://dockless.austintexas.io/](http://dockless.austintexas.io/).
* [`transportation-dockless-api`](https://github.com/cityofaustin/transportation-dockless-api) - Python Sanic-based API that provides an interface for retrieving anonymized and aggregated trip data. This API supplies data to our interactive [Dockless Mobility Explorer](https://dockless.austintexas.io). The source database for the API is our [Dockless Vehicle Trips](https://data.austintexas.gov/Transportation-and-Mobility/Dockless-Vehicle-Trips/7d8e-dm7r) dataset.
* [`transportation-dockless-processing`](https://github.com/cityofaustin/transportation-dockless-processing) - Python scripts for dockless mobility data ETL.
* [`mds-provider-client`](https://github.com/cityofaustin/mds-provider-client) - A forked Python client from [`CityofSantaMonica/mds-provider`](https://github.com/cityofsantamonica/mds-provider).

### Others

Please open a pull request if you create open source or private MDS tooling. 

> * [`midas`](https://github.com/polyconseil/midas) - Python/Django open source server for the [`agency`][agency] API, developped by BlueSystems.

Reviewer: BlueSystems: Package has been renamed django-mds
```suggestion
* [`django-mds`](https://github.com/polyconseil/django-mds) - Python/Django open source server for the [`agency`][agency] API, developed by BlueSystems.
```
